README.md, before:

# Teaparty

## Getting Started

This workspace has been generated by [Nx](https://nx.dev) (integrated repository)

### Prerequisites

- Nodejs (v18+)
- pnpm v8+

### Setup

```sh
# from repository root
pnpm install --frozen-lockfile
pnpm exec nx serve <app name>

# for example,
pnpm exec nx serve next-door-diy
pnpm exec nx serve parvenu

```

### Development

#### Type check

```sh
pnpm exec nx build <app name>
```

#### Installing libraries

This repository uses the single-version policy. Meaning that all packages share their dependencies. To install a package, you need to run pnpm install <lib> from repository root (not from apps/<app name>!).

```sh
# from repository root
pnpm install <lib>
# example
pnpm install lodash
```

### Hints

You might want to set up terminal aliases as follows:

```sh
alias p="pnpm"
alias n="pnpm exec nx"
```

## Boilerplate explanatins

### Start the app

To start the development server run `nx serve next-door-diy`. Open your browser and navigate to <http://localhost:4200/>. Happy coding!

### Generate code

If you happen to use Nx plugins, you can leverage code generators that might come with it.

Run `nx list` to get a list of available plugins and whether they have generators. Then run `nx list <plugin-name>` to see what generators are available.

Learn more about [Nx generators on the docs](https://nx.dev/plugin-features/use-code-generators).

### Running tasks

To execute tasks with Nx use the following syntax:

```
nx <target> <project> <...options>
```

You can also run multiple targets:

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2>
```

..or add `-p` to filter specific projects

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2> -p <proj1> <proj2>
```

Targets can be defined in the `package.json` or `projects.json`. Learn more [in the docs](https://nx.dev/core-features/run-tasks).

### Want better Editor Integration?

Have a look at the [Nx Console extensions](https://nx.dev/nx-console). It provides autocomplete support, a UI for exploring and running tasks & generators, and more! Available for VSCode, IntelliJ and comes with a LSP for Vim users.

### Ready to deploy?

Just run `nx build demoapp` to build the application. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory, ready to be deployed.

### Set up CI

Nx comes with local caching already built-in (check your `nx.json`). On CI you might want to go a step further.

- [Set up remote caching](https://nx.dev/core-features/share-your-cache)
- [Set up task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud/features/distribute-task-execution)
- [Learn more how to setup CI](https://nx.dev/recipes/ci)

Commit message:

chore(parvenu): set up typechecks

README.md, after:

# Teaparty

## Getting Started

This workspace has been generated by [Nx](https://nx.dev) (integrated repository)

### Prerequisites

- Nodejs (v18+)
- pnpm v8+

### Setup

```sh
# from repository root
pnpm install --frozen-lockfile
pnpm exec nx serve <app name>

# for example,
pnpm exec nx serve next-door-diy
pnpm exec nx serve parvenu

```

### Development

#### Type check

```sh
# from repository root
pnpm exec nx run-many --target=typecheck
pnpm exec nx typecheck parvenu
# watch mode
pnpm exec nx typecheck parvenu --watch

# alternatively, simply build the app
pnpm exec nx build <app name>
```

#### Installing libraries

This repository uses the single-version policy. Meaning that all packages share their dependencies. To install a package, you need to run `pnpm install <lib>` from repository root (not from `apps/<app name>`!).

```sh
# from repository root
pnpm install <lib>
# example
pnpm install lodash
```

### Hints

You might want to set up terminal aliases as follows:

```sh
alias p="pnpm"
alias n="pnpm exec nx"
```

## Boilerplate explanatins

### Start the app

To start the development server run `nx serve next-door-diy`. Open your browser and navigate to <http://localhost:4200/>. Happy coding!

### Generate code

If you happen to use Nx plugins, you can leverage code generators that might come with it.

Run `nx list` to get a list of available plugins and whether they have generators. Then run `nx list <plugin-name>` to see what generators are available.

Learn more about [Nx generators on the docs](https://nx.dev/plugin-features/use-code-generators).

### Running tasks

To execute tasks with Nx use the following syntax:

```
nx <target> <project> <...options>
```

You can also run multiple targets:

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2>
```

..or add `-p` to filter specific projects

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2> -p <proj1> <proj2>
```

Targets can be defined in the `package.json` or `projects.json`. Learn more [in the docs](https://nx.dev/core-features/run-tasks).

### Want better Editor Integration?

Have a look at the [Nx Console extensions](https://nx.dev/nx-console). It provides autocomplete support, a UI for exploring and running tasks & generators, and more! Available for VSCode, IntelliJ and comes with a LSP for Vim users.

### Ready to deploy?

Just run `nx build demoapp` to build the application. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory, ready to be deployed.

### Set up CI

Nx comes with local caching already built-in (check your `nx.json`). On CI you might want to go a step further.

- [Set up remote caching](https://nx.dev/core-features/share-your-cache)
- [Set up task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud/features/distribute-task-execution)
- [Learn more how to setup CI](https://nx.dev/recipes/ci)
